# CS4244 Project
This is a project repository for CS4244 Project. This folder consists of code for both stage 1 and stage 2.

## Project Structure
- <b>`src/stage1`</b><br>
This directory consists of all the source code of the SAT Solver.
- <b>`src/stage2`</b><br>
This directory consists of all the source code of the Random CNF Generator.
- <b>`input`</b><br>
This directory consists of all the input files that are used to test the SAT Solver.
- <b>`input/generated`</b><br>
This directory consists of all the input files that are generated by using the `AutomatedCNFGeneratorRunner`.
- <b>`stats`</b><br>
This directory consists of all the statistics analysed for Random Generated CNF.

## FAQ
<b>1. What version of `Java` is used?</b><br>
This project is done using `Java` version `9`.

<b>2. How to run the `SATSolver`?</b><br>
Preferably using this option to run. If you're using IDE like `IntelliJ`, you have to go to `Run > Edit Configurations
` to add a new `Application`. Next, you have to choose `SATSolver`.
Finally, now, you can click on `run`.<br><br>
If you're not using IDE, you could run the following command `java -jar SATSolver`. 

<b>3. How to run the `RandomCNFGenerator`?</b><br>
First, go to File > Project Structure > Libraries. Then, click the `+` button and choose lib folder. Next, in the
 same window, go to `Module` and select `Dependencies`. Make sure that `lib` is checked.
Preferably using this option to run. If you're using IDE like `IntelliJ`, you have to go to `Run > Edit Configurations
` to add a new `Application`. Next, you have to choose `RandomCNFGenerator`.
Finally, now, you can click on `run`.<br><br>
